README.md, before:

<!--
### Hi there 👋

**vitorvsv/vitorvsv** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

# Vítor Soares Vian :man_technologist:

[![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-000?style=flat-square&logo=Github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/lucasgdb)](https://github.com/vitorvsv)
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/rebeccamanzi/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vitor-soares-vian/)
[![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-c14438?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:rebeccamanzi@gmail.com)](mailto:vitorsoaresvian@gmail.com)
[![Instagram Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Instagram-C13584?style=flat-square&labelColor=C13584&logo=instagram&logoColor=white&link=https://www.instagram.com/codepwr/)](https://www.instagram.com/vitor.soares.vian/)

### Hello! <img style="margin: 0 auto" src="https://github.com/ABSphreak/ABSphreak/blob/master/gifs/Hi.gif" height="50"> Welcome to my :octocat: profile

- 🔭 I’m currently working on Tech Lead at [CAF](https://www.caf.io/)
- 🌱 I’m currently learning NodeJS 💙, Mongo, React and English
- 📫 How to reach me : [GMAIL](mailto:vitorsoaresvian@gmail.com)
- ⚡ Passionate about new technologies.
- 😄 Fun fact:
  - I prefer tea to coffee
  - I love philosophy
  - I'm a lol player :)

Commit message:

Update infos and add medium badge

README.md, after:

# Vítor Soares Vian 🧑🏼‍💻

[![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Github-000?style=flat-square&logo=Github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/lucasgdb)](https://github.com/vitorvsv)
[![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat-square&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/rebeccamanzi/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/vitor-soares-vian/)
[![Gmail Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Gmail-c14438?style=flat-square&logo=Gmail&logoColor=white&link=mailto:rebeccamanzi@gmail.com)](mailto:vitorsoaresvian@gmail.com)
[![Medium Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Medium-000000?style=flat-square&labelColor=000000&logo=medium&logoColor=white&link=https://medium.com/@vitorsoaresvian)](https://medium.com/@vitorsoaresvian)
[![Instagram Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Instagram-C13584?style=flat-square&labelColor=C13584&logo=instagram&logoColor=white&link=https://www.instagram.com/codepwr/)](https://www.instagram.com/vitor.soares.vian/)


###  Hi there 👋! Welcome to my :octocat: profile

- 💻 I’m currently working on Tech Lead at [CAF](https://www.caf.io/)
- 🚀 I am always looking to improve my knowledge in: Javascript, NodeJS, React and AWS.
- 🌱 At my free time I like to read tech books and write some code to improve my skills.
- 📫 How to reach me : [GMAIL](mailto:vitorsoaresvian@gmail.com)
- ⚡ Passionate about technologies.
- 😄 Fun fact:
  - I like Italian culture and I'm learning Italian
  - I like investing and related subjects 
  - I'm a PS5 player :)
